
# Singleton Pattern: Magical School Bus

## Overview

This C++ code example demonstrates the Singleton design pattern using a magical school bus as an analogy. The Singleton pattern ensures that a class has only one instance and provides a global point of access to that instance.

## Code Description

The code consists of the following elements:

- `SchoolBus` class: Represents the magical school bus.
- `getinstance()` method: Provides access to the single instance of the school bus.
- `getSchoolBus()` method: Simulates going on an adventure with the magical school bus.

## Code Explanation

- The `SchoolBus` class is designed as a Singleton, ensuring there is only one magical school bus.
- The `getinstance` function provides access to the single instance of the `SchoolBus` class.
- The private constructor ensures that new instances cannot be created from outside the class.
- The deleted copy constructor and assignment operator prevent the creation of duplicate instances.

## How to Use

1. Compile the code using a C++ compiler.
2. Run the compiled executable to see the magical school bus in action.

## Example Output

The program's output demonstrates going on an adventure with the magical school bus:

```
Going on an adventure with the magical school bus!
```

## Key Concepts

- **Singleton Pattern**: This pattern ensures there is only one instance of a class, and it provides a global way to access that instance.

- **Static Member Function**: The `getinstance` method is a static member function of the `SchoolBus` class. It allows access to the single school bus instance.

- **Private Constructor**: The constructor of the `SchoolBus` class is marked as private, preventing external instantiation of the class. This guarantees that instances can only be created from within the class.

- **Deleted Copy Constructor and Assignment Operator**: The copy constructor and copy assignment operator are deleted, preventing the creation of duplicate instances of the `SchoolBus`.

## Output Explanation

The program's output message, 

       "Your Bus is Ready!!" 

is generated by the `getSchoolBus()` method, indicating that an adventure with the magical school bus is about to begin.


## License

This code is provided under MIT license.You are free to use and modify it for your purposes.
 

## Acknowledgements

- The code in this example is for educational purposes and was inspired by the Factory Method design pattern.
